mr and mrs simpson i think you know our district psychiatrist dr j loren pryor. oh absolutely brilliant there were moments i truly believed you were hemingway bravo martin. all right class all right i think we have time for one more report. bart simpson. is your book report on treasure island ready. bart did you read the book. then perhaps youd like to tell us the name of the pirate. sit down bart ill see you after class. your grades have gotten steadily worse since the beginning of the term are you aware of that. are you aware that there is a major exam tomorrow on colonial america. bart you havent been paying attention to a word i said have you. well then what did i say. that was a lucky guess. what is it bart. why this test is worse than milhouses exam bart simpson i warned you this is the final straw. bart has failed his last four exams in history is there anything youre not telling us. look at these results fifty-five forty-two twenty-six a twelve on state capitals. all right class the topic is world literature what was the pirates name in treasure island. bart simpson. i heard that bart jr i want to see both of you after class today. i havent had this much fun in years. please turn in your exam bart class is over. well all right let me get old red. well bart its a fifty-nine thats another f. i know i know another year together ugh its gonna be hell. bart whats the matter i would think that youd be used to failing by now. there there. well a fifty-nine its a high f. what. my god bart youre right. you just demonstrated applied knowledge and due to the difficulty and relative obscurity of the reference you deserve an extra point on your exam hey its only fair. just barely. huh. bart. there will be no further interruptions during martins book report. youre killing me fish never have i seen a greater or more noble thing than you brother. come on and kill me i do not care who kills who. to catch a fish to kill a bull to make love to a woman to live i thank you. oh please call me papa. little ketchup for your buns papa. is it ready ha what a question fellow students prepare to be dazzled well as mrs krabappel already mentioned the name of the book that i read was treasure island. its about these pirates pirates with patches over their eyes and shiny gold teeth and green birds on their shoulders. did i mention this book was written by a guy named robert louis stevenson and published by the good people at mcgraw hill. so in conclusion on the simpsons scale of one to ten ten being the highest one being the lowest and five being average i give this book a nine. any questions. no then ill just sit down. mrs krabappel i am insulted is this a book report or a witch hunt. blackbeard captain nemo captain hook long john silver peg leg pete bluebeard. bluebeard. yes maam. yes maam. blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. yes maam. blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. yes maam. yes maam. uhhh straighten up and fly right. whoa take that granny oh hide in the closet oh no deadly mothballs. ooo granny killing me. you have reached the level of ungrateful grandchild try again if you dare heh heh heh. heh heh heh just a couple more games and ill hit the books. soups on hurry up or itll get that icky skin on the top. eww i hate that icky soup skin. okay right after dinner its down to business. mmmm marge could you get me another beer please. in a second homer lisa has some good news. he doesnt care mom. sure i do i just want to have a beer while im caring marge. homer go ahead lisa. well okay i got an a on my vocabulary test. what you did well thats just oh what a glorious day lisa hand me your paper. im just gonna take this over to the refrigerator and hmmm well as long as im here i might as well kill two birds with one stone. whats the big idea you covered up my paper. look at those funny little whiskers oooo that reminds me its big gorilla week on million dollar movie cmon boy. no dad i should really whoop. oooh gorilla the conqueror the granddaddy of them all. ah well maybe just one more hour. its so unfair just because hes different. well time to hit the books. burning the candle at both ends eh boy go get em. all right okay lets take care of some business chapter one a dream of freedom on september fifteenth sixteen-twenty puritan separatists from the church of england some living in holland left plymouth england their destination was --. psst marge come take a look at this. oh the little tiger tries so hard why does he keep failing. just a little dim i guess. bart honey youre going to miss your bus. uh-oh. hey bart-dude whoa you look freaked. hey otto-man ive got a big test that i am not ready for could you please crash the bus or something. oh sorry little buddy cant do it on purpose but hey maybe youll get lucky. okay no reason to panic find an egghead pump him for some answers and boom im back on easy street. look at him i bet he didnt study again. and now hes gonna try to kiss up and get answers from us. hes pathetic. good morning girls. good morning bart. say whos up for a little cram session ill go first what was the name of the pilgrims boat. the spirit of st louis. and where did they land. sunny acapulco. whyd they leave england. giant rats. cool historys coming alive. as a natural enemy i dont know why i should care but the information pertaining to americas colonial period that you just received is erroneous. so youre saying. a blindfolded chimp with a pencil in his teeth has a better chance of passing this test than you do. thanks for the pep talk. oh ooooo. nothing must take test. ooooo. whats the matter son. sharp stabbing pains in my stomach. oh dear ive heard of this. do you feel a shooting pain in your arm. both arms maam. temporary loss of vision. who said that come closer. yes dear. uh maybe uh one more dish make it double cappuccino chocolate fudge. oooh your third bowl i think you may be on the mend is there anything else i can get you. hmmm perhaps the tv. of course homer. what. bring the television up barts got his vision back. i wish i had amoria phlebitis. everyone knows youre faking it bart. well everyone better keep their mouths shut. youre gonna have to fail that history test sooner or later. ive got my bases covered. hey milhouse what did i miss in school today. nothing much lewis made richard laugh milk through his nose. oh you dont say what about that history test huh piece of cake huh so listen whatd you get for number one uh huh number two oh yeah that sounds right. here you go mrs krabappel i think youll be pleasantly surprised. hey dr j. i think what we have on our hands here is a classic case of what laymen refer to as fear of failure as a result bart is an underachiever and yet he seems to be how should i put this proud of it. hmmm. one of his problems may be his short attention span which can lead to. blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. hmmm huh. blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. hmmmm. no. every other student in the class has shown at least some form of improvement and yet you continue to struggle why is that. i dunno. okay okay why are we dancing around the obvious i know it you know it i am dumb okay dumb as a post do you think im happy about it. there there bart youre just a late bloomer. oh i wish it were that simple as shameful and as emotionally crippling as it may be im afraid my recommendation is for bart simpson to repeat the fourth grade. what you cant hold me back ill do better i promise. well maybe it would help him to be left back it wont be so bad bart. no i mean it you cant hold me back i swear im gonna do better look at my eyes see the sincerity see the conviction see the fear as god is my witness i can pass the fourth grade. and if you dont at least youll be bigger than the other kids. get off the bus or forever hold your peace little dudes. otto you know i respect you i mean you always let us throw stuff at cars and try to tip the bus on sharp turns. damn thing never goes over does it. so whats in your head little man. well ive been failing a lot of tests recently. yuh huh. and now theyre talking about holding me back in the fourth grade if i dont shape up. thats it hey relax man it could end up being the best thing that ever happened to you i got held back in the fourth grade myself -- twice and look at me man now i drive the school bus. im afraid my recommendation is for bart simpson to repeat the fourth grade repeat the fourth grade repeat the fourth grade repeat the fourth grade. look lady i got a peptic ulcer a wife hocking me for a new car and i need a root canal will you quit bugging me about this stupid pirate. long john silver dad. thanks a lot son. yo little help. i said little help throw me the ball poindexter. oh im sorry bart im unfamiliar with the rules of your sport i didnt want to interfere with a ball in play. well back to the forecastle of the pequod. hm hey martin. you have your ball back i have nothing else of value. i need you to help me get a passing grade. well you do need someones help to get a passing grade but i dont know why that someone should be me. because i can make it so the other kids dont laugh at you so much. they laugh at me id always considered myself rather popular. youre not watch. then my-my speed with numbers my years of service as a hall monitor my prize winning diaramas these things mean nothing to them. perhaps another demonstration. very well you have made your point bart. then its a deal. yes. all righty lets have a look-see at your study area. study area. yes your-your sanctuary from the hurly-burly of modern life. well theres a desk under that junk over there. oh no no no no this wont do at all were gonna have to clean up this room and well clearly need a few ferns in here no study area is complete without adequate plant-life. no. no. only geeks sit in the front seat from now on you sit in the back row and thats not just on the bus it goes for school and church too. why. so no one can see what youre doing. oooh i think i understand the potential for mischief varies inversely with ones proximity to the authority figure. well yeah but dont say it like that. pretty soon you will be ready to try it with a real book.  the humiliation. great martin now the big test is tomorrow and i havent even started to study. who cares about some test lifes too short for tests. hey i thought we had a deal. the martin prince you made a deal with no longer exists come on fellows to the arcade. bart its past your bedtime. okay. this is hopeless. well old timer i guess this is the end of the road i know i havent always been a good kid but if i have to go to school tomorrow ill fail the test and be held back i just need one more day to study lord i need your help. prayer the last refuge of a scoundrel. a teachers strike a power failure a blizzard anything thatll cancel school tomorrow i know its asking a lot but if anyone can do it you can thanking you in advance your pal bart simpson. wake up bart rise and shine little guy time to wake up. oh no no. wake up and look at the snow. huh whoa good morning world. rise and shine springfield residents its the bill and marty show hes bill. hes marty. two grown men who cant get enough of each other. and it looks like weve got some snowformation for all those flake lovers out there. hmmm hmmm. springfield electric gas and water plants are closed for the day. oh now dont forget the nuclear power plant bill thats closed too. whoo hoo all right. and now for all you youngsters you toddlers this is what youve been waiting for springfield county schools are i cant read it im too excited. oh oh springfield county schools will be closed. please please please please please please please all right. yeah. owabunga. remember to take a break if your arms go numb. hey. i heard you last night bart you prayed for this now your prayers have been answered im no theologian i dont know who or what god is exactly all i know is hes a force more powerful than mom and dad put together and you owe him big. youre right i asked for a miracle and i got it i gotta study man. im not missinanything frozen earlobes trudging up that stupid sled hill over and over again how good could it be. got ya burnsie. why you young ragamuffin i was never one to back away from a snowball fight smithers you may fire at will. certainly sir. i hereby declare this day to be snow day -- the funnest day in the history of springfield. 1134000.  WITH HEART) ""Chapter Six: Four Days in Philadelphia. The first Continental Congress faced a difficult job. Could the delegates agree on recommendations that all Americans could support?". we hold these truths to be self-evident we hold these truths to be self-evident. that all men are created equal. that all men are created equal. that from that equal creation they derive rights inherent and inalienable. hey look everybody its snowing. in the middle of july. its a miracle. fellas ive invented something fun the sled. hey look everybody john hancocks writing his name in the snow. do you want to be held back a grade concentrate man. later mrs k. do you think you could grade it now please. oh no i cant believe it. no you dont understand i really tried this time i really tried. this is as good as i can do and i still failed. who am i kidding i really am a failure oh now i know how george washington felt when he surrendered fort necessity to the french in 1754. oh you know 1754 the famous defeat to the french. so. you mean i passed. i passed i got a d minus i passed all right. i passed i passed i passed i passed i got a d minus i passed i got a d minus i passed i got a d minus i passed i passed i kissed the teacher peh peh peh peh. were proud of you boy. thanks dad but part of this d minus belongs to god. 
good mornin world. ow. good morning lisa. what are you so happy about. why shouldnt i be happy its a beautiful day my homework is done ive got my mojo workin and were goin on a field trip this afternoon. and looks like i got me a genuine glow-in-the-dark police badge. hey its not in here you stole it. no one wants your stupid police badge bart. hey look what i got a genuine official police badge calling all cars come out with your hands up. hey thats my badge homer. thats officer homer heh heh heh heh. lousy prize-grabbing badge-wearing. you ate my homework. i didnt know dogs really did that. wait wait. bart simpson youre late go fill out a tardy slip. but im only five ten twenty forty minutes thats pretty damn late. hey girls look at me. you can stop lookin at me now. well its nearly one oclock and you know what that means. my glasses. thats right its time for our field trip to the chocolate factory i trust you all remembered to bring your permission slips. what a day. im gonna eat eight pieces of chocolate. im gonna eat chocolate till i barf. dont worry bart well find something fun for you to do. ah here we are heres a whole box of unsealed envelopes for the pta. youre making me lick envelopes. oh licking envelopes can be fun all you have to do is make a game of it. what kind of game. well for example you could see how many you can lick in an hour and then try to break that record. sounds like a pretty crappy game to me. yes well get started. oh my god its cocoa beanie himself. i think this is something bart would really have enjoyed but its the only way hell learn. welcome to the chocolate factory im troy mcclure you probably remember me from such films as the revenge of abe lincoln and the wackiest covered wagon in the west the history of chocolate starts with the ancient aztecs. in those days instead of being wrapped in a hygienic package chocolate was wrapped in a tobacco leaf. and instead of being pure chocolate like we have today it was mixed with shredded tobacco and they didnt eat it they smoked it. you didnt believe me when i said it would be fun did you. no thir. please kids play sanitary. tan die doe dow. what. tan die doe dow. hmm well theres still a minute to go oh why not but dont you tell your teacher i let you go home early. die dont. what next. uh-oh. hey whats with the kid. hands off the material. whaddaya know the kids tough. hes got spunk. i wonder if he is lucky also pick a horse kid shelbyville downs third race make it a good one. eat my shorts. eat my shorts ah okay lets see heyy wait a minute you little punk eat my shorts is in the fifth race i said the third race. dont have a cow. hmm dont have a cow in the third put a deuce on him. while we are waiting to see how lucky you are let me show you around this is our bar and over there is our slot machine and card tables. cool. hey boss heres the call for the third race. as they come out of the turn its sufferin succotash by a neck over yabbadabbadoo two lengths back to aint i a stinker and thats all folks i yam what i yam can see them all but here comes donhavacow flyin on the outside and at the wire its all donhavacow. hey i like this kid i cant believe we were gonna shoot him can you mix drinks. i dont know. ill have a manhattan. make legs a manhattan. im not sure i. well. supoib. you got a job doing what. oh i dunno mixing drinks picking horses cuttin cigars you know -- a job. bart your father and i dont want you doing that homer say something. how much does it pay. thirty bucks a week. pfft i make more than that. i was lookin for those thanks doll. its funny because its true. well obsoived. chief wiggum you honor us with your presence. baloney im not gonna rest until one of us is behind bars -- you you wouldnt happen to know anything about a cigarette truck that got hijacked on route 401. whats a truck. dont play dumb with me. relax chief you seem tense you know the boy here makes an excellent manhattan. ah im still gonna put you away you know. good for you chief. bart have you started smoking. no. dont lie to me boy. aha cigarettes just as i thought. theyre not mine my boss said his warehouse was full. yeah right son im gonna teach you a lesson im going to stand here and watch you smoke every one of those cigarettes then maybe youll learn. uh fat tony sent me over to pick up the goods. right in here my man. hey kid you look good with that cigarette kind of sophisticated. son ill never doubt you again. the contents of the hijacked truck some twelve thousand cartons of laramie 100s. we have uh please we have a number of leads and let me assure all you smokers out there there is no shortage of cigarettes. how do we know that. all right let me refer that question back to jack larson of laramie tobacco products jack. thank you chief folks im pleased to announce that a new truckload of laramies with their smooth good taste and rich tobacco flavor is already heading towards springfield and the driver has been instructed to ignore all stop signs and crosswalks. the police suspect the involvement of reputed mobster william fat tony williams. fat tony is a cancer on this fair city he is the cancer and i am the uh what cures cancer. bart is your boss a crook. i dont think so although it would explain an awful lot. me and the boys wish to thank you for hanging onto this stuff for us. thanks uh say are you guys crooks. bart um is it wrong to steal a loaf of bread to feed your starving family. no. well suppose you got a large starving family is it wrong to steal a truckload of bread to feed them. uh-uh. and what if your family dont like bread they like cigarettes. i guess thats okay. now what if instead of giving them away you sold them at a price that was practically giving them away would that be a crime bart. hell no. enjoy your gift. supoib. those fingers through my hair that sly come hither stare that strips my conscience bare its witchcraft - gimme three fingers of milk ma. i know its good for a boy to have a part-time job but im not sure about the people barts working for i thinks theyre criminals. the kiss of death thats all i need. a jobs a job i mean take me if my plant pollutes the water and poisons the town by your logic that would make me a criminal. well barts been acting very strangely and that pizza delivery truck has been parked across the street for two weeks. how long does it take to deliver a pizza. looks like our covers blown. lets roll. see it was all your imagination. homer i want you to go down to that club and talk to them just see what kind of people they are please homie. oh all right. hee hee hee-hee-hee read em and weep boys another pair of sixes. beats me. i was bluffin. you win again homer. i am thrilled youve decided to let your boy continue to work here. you know if you need a hat check girl ive got a daughter. homer youre a hellava father. homer what did you find out. marge the only thing going on down there was a lot of male bonding. more stink lines boys. whats this what are you boys doing. you aint seen nothin now beat it. so fat tony you invite me and my associates to your club with the promise of the finest manhattans in all of springfield now you say your bartender isnt here. i dont know what happened hes never late louie make up some manhattans. but i only know how to make wine spritzers. now. what have i done to deserve this flat flavorless manhattan. come on boys. lousy skinner. you are late for work. of course im late for work how can i be on time when principal skinner keeps me after school. this guy skinner causing you trouble. he sure is patrone. hm perhaps we should go to meet and greet this individual come on boys. some large men to see you sir. i dont have an appointment with any large men --. you skinner. im principal skinner yes and how may i ask did you get past the hall monitors. children i dont know how to break this to you but principal skinner is missing. uh-oh. i thought i found him but it was only a cat. now please please please i can assure you well be using the most advanced scientific techniques in the field of body finding. i see wedding bells for vanna white and teddy kennedy. please princess opal if we could just stick to principal skinner. chief wiggum i am merely a conduit for the spirits willie nelson will astound his fans by swimming the english channel. really willie nelson. he loved fire drills. will ya get a hold of yourself lass for the wee bairns. hey look at me im skinners body. that is not funny lewis. well i heard skinners buried under his parking spot. i heard he was ground up into hamburger and served to us at lunch. i heard bart had skinner killed by gangsters. thats not true its just a rumor youre engaged in speculation i know the law you cant prove anything. you killed me bart. you killed me bart. you k-killed me bart. reverend lovejoy youve youve come to comfort me. yes bart there there there there. kill my boy kill my boy. youre eight hours early for work i like that. did you kill my principal. uh chinese guy with a mustache. no my principal. that skinner guy naw we didnt kill him. nobody move youre all under arrest for the murder of seymour skinner. whats a murder. dont play dumb with me cuff em boys. oh bart why couldnt you have gotten a paper route like other boys. wait till i get you home boy. whats that guy doing here. lionel hutz court-appointed attorney ill be defending you on the charge of -- murder one wow even if i lose ill be famous. that simpson boy is looking at a hundred and eighty years. yeah youre right. thank god we live in a country so hysterical over crime that a ten-year-old child can be tried as an adult. i didnt order this skinner guy killed. but arent you the head of this gang. no i just stop by the club occasionally to read the complimentary newspaper. then who is the kingpin the capo de tuti capi. thats the guy. hey. forgive me don bartholomew. we tried to stop the kid but he wouldnt quit it was like he went crazy. prostitution loan sharking numbers the kid liked to wet his beak in everything. mr simpson youve been the boys father for ten years do you really think he could be the leader of a murderous criminal syndicate. well not the leader i mean oh its true its true all the pieces fit. in light of the damning testimony from your fellow gangsters your father your teachers and a seemingly endless parade of emotionally shattered baby-sitters this court has no choice but to. stop. principal skinner. i thought he was dead. i suppose youre all wondering where ive been it all started a week ago i was at my desk revising and updating the school dress codes when. i was suddenly confronted by a gang of toughs acting on behalf of one bart simpson or so they said. we really think theres promise in the boy. get out. okay okay you dont have to yell. to get my mind off that ugly confrontation i went home and began bundling my old newspapers but suddenly the pile fell i was trapped let this be a lesson to recycle frequently. for the next week i stayed alive by eating my mothers delicious preserves and maintained my sanity by dribbling a nearby basketball with my one free hand i made a game of it seeing how many times i could bounce the ball in a day then trying to break that record occasionally the police arrived to search my home. find anything this time boys. nah no sign of him chief. princess opal. i see nothing here but im afraid its splitsville for delta burke and major dad. but they seemed so happy. i shouted until i was hoarse but they couldnt hear me. im in here. well lets go. okay chief. finally i realized if i was ever going to get out of there i would have to do it myself. i formed a crude rocket from a discarded cigar tube and remembering an experiment from my days as a fourth grade science teacher i concocted a fuel from baking soda and the juice of discarded lemon wedges. the rocket took off with a mighty blast of carbon dioxide dragging behind it the end of a vacuum cleaner cord. i grabbed on to the vacuum cleaner pushed the cord retractor button and was on my way to freedom. and thats my courageous story. your honor the prosecution moves that principal skinners testimony be stricken from the record. denied case dismissed. your honor do i still get paid. hey bart i hope there are no hard feelings. get bent. i deserved that look i know we let you down but me and the boys we still think youve got a big future in racketeering and extortion. sorry fat tony i used to think your gang was cool but now i learned that crime doesnt pay. blood on the blackboard the bart simpson story starring richard chamberlain as principal skinner joe mantegna as fat tony jane seymour as the woman he loved and tvs doogie howser neil patrick harris as bart simpson. bart im scared lets get outta here. shaddup. where do you want it skinner. not smart. cool. hey when do we get the check for this. well they said they changed it just enough so they dont have to pay us. you know who the real crooks are those sleazy hollywood producers. 
never mind. well children its the last day of school. here are your grades. oh no mrs krabappel if i dont get a c average my dad wont let me go to kamp krusty. well it isnt fair to the other children but all right. much obliged doll. oh bart simpson im gonna miss you. attention everyone this is principal skinner i trust you all remembered to bring in your implements of destruction. now lets trash this dump. somebody put a torch to these permanent records quickly now. la-la-la-la-la-la la-la-la-la-la-la la-la-la-la-la la-la-. wake up boy. oh i dreamt it was the last day of school. well it is. oh how do i know this isnt some beautiful dream too. you know a pinch is more traditional. homie you do remember your promise to the children. sure do when youre eighteen youre out the door. no dad you promised if bart and i got c averages we could go to kamp krusty and with no false modesty youre looking at one happy camper. yeah well just remember when you see my report card they got this whole new grading system this year it now goes dbac. now listen boy we have an understanding and youd better keep your end of it i dont think id be any kind of a father if you got ds and i let you go to kamp krusty. but dad. son if you really want something in this life you have to work for it now quiet theyre about to announce the lottery numbers. 17. 32. 5. 8. woo-hoo. 47. attention students please clear out your lockers into the waste baskets provided. 36-24-36. now lets see what we got here. ah my gym shorts. bart wheres your bathing suit. im gonna swim nekkid. here are your final report cards i have nothing left to say to any of you so if nobody minds lets just quietly run out the clock. arithmetic a. social studies a. conduct b. english a. art a. pe a. ive never gotten a b before. how could this have happened i feel so dirty uh uhuh the dirts not coming off okay calm down this must just be a little typo. oh miss hoover there appears to be a mistake on my report card you gave me a b in conduct. now lisa everyone needs a blotch on their permanent record. perhaps im not making myself clear i think you should reconsider. lisa youre hurting me. mrs krabappel in figuring out my final grades i hope youll note that all of my textbooks are being returned in excellent condition in some cases still in their original wrappings. duly noted. id also like to add as i gaze upon your beauty ive never seen an angel fly so low. forget it short pants. mrs krabappel if i dont get at least a c average i cant go to kamp krusty. have a d-lightful summer. five. four. three. two. dont open your mouth. one. wait a minute you didnt learn how world war two ended. we won. youre what. hmmm i havent seen such unfettered hurly-burly since the fall of saigon well william another school year gone by. and may i say a job well done sir. well back to work then make sure to give those toilets a good scrubbing we want the old girls sparkling when i get back. aye sir. ya silk-wearing buttercup. all right three whole months of spaghetti-os and daytime tv. so bart will you be joining me in the bucolic splendor of kamp krusty. you bet check out this hand all aces. a oh bart why didnt you at least forge plausible grades. hi kids only one week left to sign up for the bestest summer ever at kamp krusty. kamp krusty is built on an actual indian burial ground weve got archery wallet-making the whole megillah and for you fat kids my exclusive program of diet and ridicule will really get results. and the best part is when you come to kamp krusty youll spend the summer with me honest injun. well here goes nothin. stupid roller-skate. well dad heres my report card i think youll be pleasantly surprised. a you dont think much of me do you boy. no sir. you know a d turns into a b so easily you just got greedy. so i wont get to go to camp. now bart we made this deal because i thought it would help you get good grades and you didnt but why should you pay for my mistake. you mean i can go. yeah i didnt want you hangin around all summer anyway. oh dad youre the best father a boy could ever have. thanks son now youve got little hands can you reach under that mower and pull out that skate. ah sure therell be a couple of uptight counselors who wont dig the bart philosophy but i feel the human body is a thing of beauty. marge am i crazy or is my back getting hairier. before i go to camp ill need boosters for malaria german measles encephalitis hansens disease. oh now im afraid what we have here is an advanced case of hypochondria theres only one known cure a wowwy-pop. dont patronize me doctor. its our last family dinner for six weeks but i promised myself i wouldnt cry. oh im going to miss this. hey hands off my pickle. i dont see your name on it boy. no but. oh yeah. check mate. always thinking two moves ahead. well see you when you get back from image enhancement camp. spare me your euphemisms its fat camp for daddys chubby little secret. you promised you wouldnt make a scene. good-bye my special little guy lisa watch out for poison ivy remember leaves of 3 let it be. leaves of 4 eat some more. ill write you every day. dont look in my closet in fact stay out of my room all together. if the pets die dont replace them ill know. hi kids welcome to kamp krusty. ill see you in a few weeks until then ive turned things over to my bestest buddy in the whole wide world -- mr black i want you to treat mr black with the same respect you would give me now heres mr black. louder faster. hes still funny but not ha-ha funny. thank you krusty and welcome children i am mr black your head counselor for the past fifteen years i was president of euro krustyland until it blew up ill take any questions you might have you and then uh one more. can we call you uncle blackie. no last question. when do we get to see krusty. ah he will be along eventually in the meantime our counselors dolph jimbo and kearney will be happy to handle any problems you may have. looks like we got ourselves a troublemaker. you can have the shower to yourself homie im finished. oh no youre not. ohhh. he-he-he. whoa. heres your cabin you dont like it tf. this is a little more rustic than i expected. im not worried lis you know why because of this. the krusty brand seal of approval you can only find it on products which meet the high personal standards of krusty the clown. aaaahhhh. whoops i should have warned you that clock gets incredibly hot if you leave it plugged in. thats okay eh all this stuff is fine now im off to wimbledon. dont we get to roast marshmallows. shut up and eat your pine cone. are you sure thats safe. well it aint getting any safer. all right you balls of pan drippings i want to see crisco coming out of those pores were not leaving until this christmas ham gives me a pull-up. hail to thee kamp krus-ty by the shores of big snake lake though your swings are rus-ty we know theyll never break. from your gleaming mess-hall to your hollow baseball field your spic and span infirmary where all our wounds are healed hail to thee camp krusty below mt avalanche. we will always love kamp krusty a registered trademark of the krusty corporation. youre serving us gruel. not quite this is krusty brand imitation gruel nine out of ten orphans cant tell the difference. yo mr black another brandy. to evil. marge since the kids left i lost five pounds. oh thats wonderful. and look new hair. im this close to having a comb-over. lights out losers. yeah were meetin some tail on the other side of the lake. i feel like im gonna die bart. were all gonna die lis. i meant soon. so did i. mmmm strawberries ah thats good hey lendl choke choke yeah. point and game - becker and will the harlequin in the third row please keep his voice down. sorry folks sorry your majesty. dear kids i hope this letter finds you well we are doing great your father is in the best shape hes been sincewell ever. size right agility. we miss you terribly i hope these jelly bean cookies will tide you over until you get home. hey simpson tell your mom her cookies sucked. dear mom and dad i no longer fear hell because ive been to kamp krusty. our nature hikes have become grim death marches. a snake bit me. back in line maggot. our arts and crafts center is in actuality a dickensian workhouse. come on wimps these gucci wallets have to be on the streets of hong kong by friday. bart makes it through the days relying on his unwavering belief that krusty the clown will come through. krusty is coming krusty is coming krusty is coming. but i am far more pessimistic. i am not sure if this letter will reach you as our lines of communication have been cut. giddyap. and now the effort of writing has made me lightheaded so i close by saying save us save us now bart and lisa. ah kids letters from camp. she complains now but when we go to pick her up she wont want to leave. lisa ive been thinking it over and next summer i am getting a job. oh homer its getting late well miss the fireworks. marge weve got all the fireworks we need right here. well kids uh i promised you a little treat in lieu of dinner and here it is the man who took an abandoned mule tannery and turned it into a summer wonderland mr krusty the clown. see i told you krusty would come just like i said heh heh hes gonna bring us food and water and smite our enemies. now i must tell you kids krusty has laryngitis and a bad back so he wont be saying anything or doing anything. krusty looks fat. hes really having trouble keeping his balance. tijuana. thats not krusty the clown. what do you think i slapped a clown suit on some wino. yeah bart i am so krunchy the klown. all right thats it ive been scorched by krusty before i got a rapid heart beat from those krusty brand vitamins my krusty calculator didnt have a 7 or an 8 and krustys autobiography was self-serving with many glaring omissions but this time hes gone too far we want krusty we want krusty. we want krusty we want krusty. yeah we want krunchy we want krunchy. i thought you said you broke their spirits. we did. you broke nothing. lets get em. to the hydrofoil. my chunky brothers gorge yourselves at the trough of freedom. ahh sweet nourishing gruel. kowalski. my brownies. wiggum. a change of underwear. crandall. my insulin. bart you said you were gonna name it camp freedom. ehh this has more zing. i dub thee sir. theres a call for mr clown. thisd better be important oy gavolt. just let your head flop back and forth your neck is a well-cooked piece of asparagas. we interrupt sadruddin mabaradads yoga party for this special bulletin. krisis at kamp krusty. get ready for two weeks at the happiest place on earth. ladies and gentlemen ive been to vietnam afghanistan and iraq and i can say without hyperbole that this is a million times worse than all of them put together. burn krusty burn burn krusty burn. a group of school-age spartacuses has taken this camp by force three counselors are missing and presumed scared whats that im being told i can have an exclusive interview with the ring leader. dont be the boy dont be the boy. i just want the whole world to know that this was a really crappy camp can i say crappy on tv. yes on this network you can. are you and princess di just friends. you people make me sick youre vultures where were you when i sang at farm aid out of my way you parasites i said out of my way. im no fake i am the real krusty. oh yeah who played your daughter in the short-lived sitcom president clown. i dont know her name but she held up a liquor store last year. i smell bacon lets see if hes wearing a wire. it is the real krusty look at that pacemaker scar the cattle skull birthmark and his famous superfluous nipple. well at least youre not as bad as customs. how could you krusty id never lend my name to an inferior product. they drove a dump truck full of money up to my house im not made of stone. krusty this camp was a nightmare they fed us gruel they forced us to make wallets for export and one of the campers was eaten by a bear. oh my god. well actually the bear just ate his hat. was it a nice hat. oh yeah. oh my god well im gonna make it all up to you im gonna show you kids the time of your lives. 
resident occupant hmm free sample of lemon time. oooh give it here. homer thats dish washing liquid. yeah but whatre ya gonna do. oooh theyre having a retirement party for someone at the plant. i wish i could retire. boy thatd be sweet. howdy-do neighbor good pipe weather thought id fire up the briar. cant talk -- busy. okely-dokely-do. did you notice how slanted he looked. all part of gods great plan. i think one side of our house is sinking. haw haw. the half-assed approach to foundation repair. hello im troy mcclure you might remember me from such instructional videos as mothballing your battleship and dig your own grave - and save now over the next six hours ill be taking you through the dos and do not dos of foundation repair ready. ready. first patch the cracks in the slab using a latex patching compound and a patching trowel. hand me my patching trowel boy. hmm. now do you have extruded polyvinyl foam insulation. no. good assemble the aluminum j-channel using self-furring screws install. wha-do i do. after applying brushable coating to the panels. wait a minute. youll need some corrosion-resistant metal stucco lath. wait a minute. if you cant find metal stucco lath. uh huh. use carbon-fiber stucco lath. now parge the lath. did you see the bubble. a certain man. a certain man. im afraid the whole west side of your house is sinking i figure its gonna cost you oh eighty-five hundred. forget it youre not the only foundation guy in town. lets see foundation repair ah here we are. leaving the vice president in charge and now leaning tower of pisa eat your heart out and move over this is one story thats not on the level. behold the horrors of the slanty shanty see the twisted creatures that dwell within meet cue ball the man with no hair. huh. hes hideous. we have to do something. marge itll cost eighty-five hundred dollars we only have five hundred in the bank that leaves eighty- hundred we need. i could get a job. hey then i could follow my dream living in the woods and keeping a journal of my thoughts. march 15 i wish id brought a tv oh god how i miss tv. hmm i think you have to keep your job too. it was the most beautiful most expensive train ever built the spruce caboose. some people said it was too big to stay on the tracks heh heh they were right. were here for the retirement party. follow the headless brakeman. power plant retirement party ow right this way. tonight weve all come to honor a close friend of ours. bo-ring. a man who provided the burns corporation with forty-five years of faithful service mr jack marley. bo-ring. mr burns if you dont mind ive prepared a little musical number for jacks special night. there is a man. there is a man. a man whose grace and handsome face are known across the land you know his name. you know his name. its mister burns. hes mister burns. he loves a smoke enjoys a joke. ah ha-ha-ha-ha. why hes worth ten times what he earns. hes mister burns. im mister burns. hes monty burns. im mister burns. to friends hes known as monty but to you its mister burns bur-bur-bur-bur-bur-burns. burns. do you mind if i say a few words. oh me me me i need all the attention just because its my party eh. please dont make me retire my job is the only thing that keeps me alive i never married and my dog is dead. im not finished. oh yes you are. with the departure of mr marley there will now be an entry-level position open in sector 7g now get out the bar is closed. maybe i should apply for that job. forget it marge we already live together we shouldnt work together as the bible says thou shalt not horn in on thy husbands racket. where does the bible say racket. its in there look marge we just dont need the money that bad. well lisa i finished my resume. uh i think it needs a little padding. what are you putting in there. up-up-up when im done. chauffeur seamstress. curator of large mammals. marge have you seen my lunch box. oh i see. mom they expect you to lie a little. worked for the carter administration. well you voted for him twice. lisa sh someone may be listening. uh-huh uh-huh oh i thought muddy waters wrote that song. this resume is very impressive let me be the first to say kadibu kazini. what. welcome aboard i guess my swahilis not as good as yours. yeah. sorry the position has been filled. oh dear. marge youre making a big mistake im going to see you all day at work and all night at home. and thats good but heres the bad part uh uh ooh look at that headline canada to hold referendum sorry marge cant talk now. we need the money and my life is pretty boring last week some jehovahs witnesses came to the door and i wouldnt let them leave they snuck away when i went in the kitchen to get more lemonade. yeah lemonade is good. i think its wonderful mom and dad side by side at the power plant youll be just like marie and pierre curie. wha dey do. they discovered radium then they both died of radiation poisoning. hmmm. its the curies we must flee. cool. now marge just remember if something goes wrong at the plant blame the guy who cant speak english ah tibor how many times have you saved my butt. maggie your baby-sitters here. whats that mean. whoa you must be sick. whoa you must be sick lets see whats old doc washburn prescribe. do you have dropsy the grippe scrofula the vapors jungle rot dandy fever poor mans gout housemaids knee climactic pooball the staggers dum-dum fever. and this is your office that idiot tibor lost the key but you can jimmy it open with a credit card. well have fun. but what do i do. marge please according to your resume you invented this machine. put away your books children its time for your english test. sick on test day why whyyy. bart have you ever read the boy who cried wolf. im halfway through it i swear. marge whatre you doing its lunch time. ill just be a minute i have to finish this paperwork. marge marge marge lets file this under r for arrivederci. but where does it go. dont worry baby that tubell know what to do. good news boy i found a pharmacy that carries leeches well it wasnt exactly a pharmacy more of a bait shop. look grampa im fine i really dont need any more home remedies. oral thermometer my eye think warm thoughts boy cause this is mighty cold. aaaagh. jackanapes lolligaggers noodle heads enchantress. that woman -- shes so captivating smithers my hearts pounding like a jackhammer. marge get my gun. i must have her smithers zoom in closer closer closer damn it. ow. too close. hello. mr burns. no need for alarm i just came to give you the orchids and fragrant bath oils i lavish upon all my employees. oh arent you nice gee this makes me wonder why morale here is so low. i am the angel of death the time of purification is at hand. oh who cares marge what can we do. well you could give them healthier snacks theme days. you mean like child labor day. hmm actually i was thinking of funny hat day. oh and how about piping in some tom jones music that always cheers me up. its working its working and the healthy snacks are on their way. you cant take our donuts. all right anyone else want to be a hero. marge im giving you a raise and a new office right next to mine. but sir thats my office. dont worry smithers im putting you where the action is. springtime fresh winter white what could be better. oh man i really gotta. nooo. so bart how are you feeling. cant complain. well then youre ready for your make up test. aagh my ovaries. suckers. have you ever read the boy who cried wolf. i glanced at it boy cries wolf has a few laughs i forget how it ends. bart is that light green. yeah. it better be. homie whats wrong. im used to seeing people promoted ahead of me friends co-workers tibor i never thought itd be my own wife. well maybe youd get promoted if you worked a little harder. are you kidding i work like a japanese beaver. oh really i came to see you three times today twice you were sleeping and once you were kicking that ball of electrical tape around. well i wont sleep in the same bed with a woman who thinks im lazy im gonna go right down stairs unfold the couch unroll a sleeping bag eh goodnight. i dreamed about her again last night smithers you know that dream where youre in bed and they fly in through the window. youve been reading my wish book sir. yes well smithers i want you to arrange a party for two at my estate marge me and do you think you could dig up al jolson. uh you remember we did that once before. oh thats right hes dead and rather pungent the rest of that night is something id like to forget all right then bring me that crooner she likes so much tom jones. these spurs are killin me. ayyy -- sit on it. lenny 50s day is next wednesday. i gotta go home and change. heres your money. you know the problem here was water leakage if you just buy a fifty cent washer --. ive got a better idea -- get the hell out. look ive got some washers in my truck ill give you one. tom jones. yes. i was wondering if youd be interested in performing at a private party. sorry mate i dont do private parties. then perhaps you should look in this suitcase. all right but i dont see. pleasant dreams mr jones. bart to avoid this test youve had smallpox the bends and that unfortunate bout of rabbies. well im not sure im over it shove it witch. no more excuses. her claws are really digging into my skull. she can crush clams with them. get it off get it off. here we have an alaskan timber wolf he weighs 240 pounds and his jaws can bite through a parking meter he does get spooked by loud noises. loud thats our secret word for the day. oh my god. she must think youre after her eggs. i only ate one. nice doggie. ivanhoe is the story of a russian farmer and his tool. wolf wolf wolf. im afraid youll have to do better than that. sorry no sale. youre wasting valuable test time. mr burns you want to see me. actually i was wondering if you were free for a little get-together tonight dinner dancing and mr tom jones. hello marge. thats it big smile everybodys happy. oh my goodness. my husband will be so excited. you have a husband yes i can picture him now rugged good looks sweater knotted about his shoulders curly locks shining in the sun like spun gold. homer mr burns gave me another raise today. the senile old fool. youre fired. you cant fire me just because im married im going to sue the pants off you. you dont have to sue me to get my pants off. hey wolfie put down that hors doeuvre its time for the main course. back to class lad nothin to see here. heres my test. bart im not even going to grade this until you tell me the truth about what happened out there. the truth is there was no wolf i faked the whole thing im just going to lie on the floor now please dont let me swallow my tongue. there doesnt it feel better to tell the truth. oh dear. all right now boy weve got to rub some garlic on you before the next full moon. dont feel bad for losing i was wrestlin wolves back when you were at your mothers teat. why marge look at all those flies buzzing around your head -- youre a mess woman. so do you think i have a case. mrs simpson youre in luck your sexual harassment suit is just the thing i need to rebuild my shattered practice care to join me in a belt of scotch. its 930 in the morning. yeah but i havent slept in days. last chance. oh yeah. mr burns weve got witnesses precedent and a paper trail a mile long. yes well i have ten high-priced lawyers. he left his briefcase hey its full of shredded newspapers. well i guess thats it people like us cant afford justice come on homie lets go before he fires you too. no mr burns im not leaving until you say youre sorry for what you did to my wife. you love her too. damn right. homer i want you to show this woman the time of her life. gotcha marge were gettin some drive-thru then were doin it twice. no ive got something even more special in mind. oooh. get help luv call interpol get me a hacksaw -- anything. 
look we just want to make movies not kill things. aw all these new superheroes suck none of them can hold a candle to radioactive man. the only decent new one is radiation dude. nah hes just a cheap imitation of radioactive man. explain. the similarities are subtle but many for example radioactive man has his famous catchphrase up and atom - with atom spelled a-t-o-m in a delicious pun. go on. while radiation dude has a similar but lamer catchphrase up and lets go. so you kids fancy yourselves experts eh. well between us weve read all 814 issues of radioactive man. yeah and we both have the special limited edition issue where he and fallout boy get killed on every page. well i suppose you know then that hollywood is planning a feature film about radioactive man. i have got to do something about that air conditioner suction. whos gonna play radioactive man. i will tell you in exactly seven minutes. okay here we are. alt-dot-nerd-dot-obsessive need know star rm pic. i dont see why rainier wolfcastle should be the star i think we should bring back dirk richter kids will wanna see the original radioactive man. i keep telling you hes 73 years old and hes dead. granted but. besides we want to stay as far away from the campy 70s version as possible. billowing backpacks radioactive man its the worst villain of them all the scoutmaster. i see him fallout boy. go get em scouts. dont be afraid to use your nails boys. so where could we shoot this picture we need a city that has a nuclear reactor and a gorge and can guarantee us the full cooperation of city officials. ill check variety. wow look at that ad. all right this place must be hot they dont need a big ad or even correct spelling. i agree with that logic. get me two plane tickets to the state that springfield is in. all right we have 30 million dollars to spend. well blow up our dams destroy forests anything if theres a species of animal thats causing problems - nosing around your camera-- well have it wiped out. right we understand. students i have an announcement one of your favorite comic book heroes radio man. radioactive man stupid. strange i shouldnt have been able to hear that anyway a hollywood studio has decided to film the radioactive man movie here in springfield. yayyyyyy. and they will be holding auditions to find a local youngster to play fallout boy. oh and the air conditioner will be fixed this afternoon. look behind you radioactive man the sun is exploding again. bart why are you talking like that. yeah and who the hell are you talkin to marge do you have other men in this house radioactive men. im practicing my fallout boy dialogue if i get this role i could finally come to terms with this funny little muddle called bart. eve - er - y - one - is - talk - king - a - bout - ra - di - o - ac - tive - ma - an - yall. wow you mean you were one of the original little rascals. yeah. which one were you the ugly one. were you the ugly one. no i was the tough kid smelly my shtick was looking into an exhaust pipe and gettin a faceful of soot heh nobody could do that better than me of course it was kinda hard to think of reasons for me to look in that exhaust pipe every time but you know we had good writers william faulkner could write an exhaust pipe gag that would really make you think. if you were such a big shot why arent you still making movies. moe moe. oh no my favorite aggie. you stole my bit you thats my bit ya ya ooh ooh you stole my bit. cut. oh my god hes killed the original alfalfa. yeah luckily alfalfa was an orphan owned by the studio. oh i see yeah that makes sense. with wealthy hollywood people on the way local merchants can be forgiven for raising their prices a little. watch out radioactive man. watch out. radioactive man. whoa aah. totally awesome. thank you thank you thank you its all in the delivery now is the winter of our discontent. oh no run. mom dont make me do this i dont wanna be an actor. nonsense youre going to be great now take off those glasses so they can see your beautiful eyes. at last the world is safe eh fallout boy. watch ou. next. haw haw hey that hurts no wonder no one came to my birthday party if i didnt laugh id cry. at last the world is safe eh fallout boy. whats for lunch tomorrow. next. chicken necks. were never going to find wait a minute. that child has the exact qualities were looking for hes perfect what is his name. i dont know he just came along with one of the others he didnt sign up officially. oh forget him then it wouldnt be fair to the other children who filled out their application forms in full. next. at last the world is safe eh fallout boy. watch out radioactive man. brilliant reading again. watch out radioactive man. fantastic one more time. watch out radioactive man. congratulations bart simpson youre our new fallout boy. thats what id be saying to you if you werent an inch too short next. ive got to grow an inch by tomorrow or i wont get that part pull you mighty stallions pull show me no mercy. i only grew half an inch im still too short. growing half an inch in one day is still pretty good bart. yeah thats how fast grampa is shrinking. oh im as tall as i ever was. is there anyway i can look taller without actually being taller. good news gentlemen ive grown that extra inch you wanted plus several feet more. weve found our new fallout boy. and hes right over there. huh. ladies and gentlemen meet americas new fallout boy. outta the way boy milhouse baby lionel hutz your new agent bodyguard unauthorized biographer and drug dealer uh keeper awayer. leave me alone mom dad make em stop. what is all this stuff. we heard youve become a star we decided wed better start living in the fast lane. what if im not a success how will you pay for all this. im sorry i cant hear you son im wearing a jacuzzi suit. hey youre not milhouse. i just missed out on the greatest opportunity of my entire life george burns was right -- show business is a hideous bitch goddess. cheer up bart milhouse is still gonna need a true friend someone to tell him hes great someone to rub lotion on him someone to hurl whiskey bottles at when hes feeling low. youre right lis i can suck up to him like the religious people suck up to god. guess what kids theyre gonna pay us fifty dollars a day to film some of the movie here. well run that cable through here. careful now. hey didnt you direct unnatural discretion. heh yes i did. hooey whew oh you know i never walk out of a movie but eech. ive got an idea mr simpson why dont you get something to eat from our food truck. mr simpson. youve got to give me the part of krispy the clown. im sorry youre wrong for the part. but look at my range. im sorry krispy the klown has been cast but i will hire you for angry the clown silly sailor and doctor clownies. i wont let you down well i might let you down on silly sailor. up and atom. up and at them. up and atom. up and atom. better. hi milhouse hey i want you to know that im glad at least one of us got the part. milhouse. i didnt do it i wished him well i wished him weeelll. stupid dummy wasnt supposed to explode yet. theres the real milhouse. milhouse. no i am just milhouse when he gets hurt. okay lets get the real milhouse over here under the x-ray truck. hi bart. hey cool milhouse you get to be crushed by a truck. it sounds like more fun than it really is hey i i think im lying on a broken bottle. beautiful use it okay fallout boy origin scene take one action. up and at them. thanks for the help mysterious stranger say i think those x-rays gave me super powers. and cut that was perfect lets do it again. uh these arent real x-rays are they. good question well check into that okay x-ray machine to full power and action. uh sir why dont you just use real cows. cows dont look like cows on film you gotta use horses. what do you do if you want something that looks like a horse. eh usually we just tape a bunch of cats together. you guys work on the movie. you saying were not working. oh i always wanted to be a teamster so lazy and surly mind if i relax next to you. oh here he comes what is it now quimby. nothing nothing only the uh city has just passed another tax on uh puffy directing pants. but i dont wear puffy pants. i meant a uh tax on not wearing puffy pants. im sorry. wow you really got it made now milhouse this is living. is it bart is it. yes. ever since i became a movie star ive been miserable i had to get up at five am just for makeup. should we give them some of their money back. i like the way the blush brings out my cheekbones but its not worth it and making movies is so horribly repetitive ive said jiminy jillikers so many times the words have lost all meaning. weve got to do the jiminy jillikers scene again milhouse. but we already did it it took seven hours but we did it its done. yes but weve got to do it from different angles again and again and again and again and again. ahhhhh. yeah ahhh. i cant believe silly sailor beat us both out and imprisoned us in his floating aqua world. jiminy jillikers. da-dah now theres no need for profanity fallout boy. everyone in town has been gouging us silly but its worth it its all up there on the screen. yes that milhouse is going to be big gabby hayes big. okay listen up everybody this is the hardest most expensive scene in the movie and we only get one shot at it so we have to do it right fallout boy will untie radioactive man and pull him to safety moments before hes hit with a forty- foot wall of sulfuric acid that will horribly burn everything in its path now thats real acid so i want to see goggles people. real acid. okay roll film tip the acid vats and action. only fallout boy can save me now. wheres fallout boy. fallout boy. uh-oh. my eyes the goggles do nothing. where in the hell is milhouse that one shot cost us a million dollars. wheres the producer i want to talk about this coffee. no. thanks to modern editing techniques we can use existing footage to complete the film without milhouse watch. looks like were in trouble fallout boy. jiminy jillikers radioactive man. well have to fight our way out are you ready. yes. seamless huh. youre fired. and with good cause. go. okay we can all stop worrying now these dogs will never fail. but uh will they just find milhouse or will they find him and kill him. well uh when they find him theyll um mumma hammell fusnuhm. uh excuse me you didnt answer me you just trailed off. yeah yeah i did kinda trail off there didnt i. i know milhouse ill just check all his old haunts. have you seen milhouse. no now go away were racing for the title of the champion of the universe. awright. yo doctor s have you seen milhouse. no. okay thanks. wait. did you know theres a direct correlation between the decline of the spirograph and the rise in gang activity think about it. i will. no you wont. the only place left is the treehouse. ah-ha. stay away from me bart i mean it im not goin back im not cut out to be a star. but milhouse being a star is every patriotic americans dream. not mine its a sham bart you get up on that big screen pretending to be a hero but youre not the real heroes are out there toiling day and night on more important things. television. no curing heart disease and wiping out world hunger. but milhouse they havent cured anything heart disease and world hunger are still rampant those do-gooders are all a bunch of pitiful losers every last one of them want results you have to go to the schwarzeneggers the stallones and to a lesser extent the van dammes. mickey rooney. hi milhouse the studio sent me to talk to you being a former child star myself and the number one box office draw from 1939 through 1940. wow spanning two decades. howd you find us. uh they tapped your treehouse phone. milhouse listen you cant quit this movie ive seen your work its good very very good van johnson good. i know im good movie stardom is just so hollow. hollow the only thing in show business thats hollow is the music industry cmon milhouse ya have to do this if not for yourself then for the movie-going public and for the foreign markets that are more important than ever nowadays and finally for me the mickster. no. all right i tried. fortunately we have a perfectly good uh fallout boy right here. jiminy jillikers jiminy jillikers jiminy jillikers. were shutting down production. yeah well we only have a thousand dollars left anyway. uh theres uh a thousand dollar leaving town tax. well i hope youre all satisfied youve bankrupted a bunch of naive movie folks folks from hollywood where values are different they werent thinking about the money they just wanted to tell a story a story about a radioactive man and you slick small towners took em for all they were worth. hurry mr rooney weve got a disenchanted little girl in a jell-o pudding commercial. i can play that. so milhouse it must be a little tough givin up all that glamour comin back to school huh. quiet maybe i can get my citizenship. we know you dont have any money left but that doesnt matter just take whatever you need from our boutiques until you can get back on your feet. thank god were back in hollywood where people treat each other right. up and at them. up and at them. 
okily dokily. are we there yet. no. are we there yet. no. are we there yet. no. where are we going. were going to storytown village grampa its an amusement park for babies. just leave me in the car with the window open a crack. thats the plan. i think its nice were doing something maggie will enjoy for once besides im sure storytown village is also fun for everyone from 8 to god only knows. come out come out or ill blow your house in. not by the hairs of our chinny-chinny-chin. what a load of crappy-crap-crap. quiet boy i have a feeling some bad stuff is about to go down. this is where the wolf blows down the pigs house. he blows all right he blows big time. thats it honey get into the spirit. it was good but not great. somebodys been sleeping in my bed. somebodys been sleeping in my bed. somebodys been sleeping in my bed. well im sorry but it was 150 degrees in the car. so long suck--. come on eat the can come on. youre supposed to feed them pellets from the machine over there. oh my. awwww. awwww. awwww. out of the way you. aww. oh you are so cute yes you are you are i just love you. see it was a good idea to come here after all. attention families this is mother goose the following cars have been broken into. hey flanders. hidilly ho neighboreeno. shut up. so ned youre having a family reunion and you didnt invite me. oh gosh homer this is strictly a flanders affair ive got family here from around the globe heres jos flanders. buenas ding-dong-diddly-dias seor. and this is lord thistlewick flanders. charmed. eh a-googily-doogily. i cant believe you didnt invite me after i painted those cool stripes all over your car i know ill throw my own barbecue - the greatest barbecue this town has ever seen and ill only invite who i want thatll show ya. can i come. sure. this barbecue will be hard thankless work but im sure youre up to it marge. well it could be a good chance to get to know our neighbors outside of a courtroom setting. you know what you should serve marge more of these lamb chops these are the best ever. why thank you homie you might say the extra ingredient is salt. please lisa i thought you lo-o-o-ved me lo-o-o-ved me. whats wrong lisa didnt you get enough lamb chops. i cant eat this i cant eat a poor little lamb. lisa get a hold of yourself this is lamb not a lamb. whats the difference between this lamb and the one that kissed me. this one spent two hours in the broiler. bart sensible bites all right lisa if you dont want lamb chops theres lots of other things i can make chicken breast rump roast hot dogs. no i cant i cant eat any of them. wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute lisa honey -- are you saying youre never going to eat any animal again what about bacon. no. ham. no. pork chops. dad those all come from the same animal. yeah right lisa a wonderful magical animal. i think lisas right dad eating meat is ba-a-a-ad. hey thats my chop. oh my family just doesnt understand my newfound vegetarianism. compared to them the public schools are a haven of enlightenment. okay class time to dissect our worms. yay. first pin them down so they dont fly up and hit you in the eye. ah ms hoover. yes ralph what is it. my worm went in my mouth and then i ate it can i have a new one. no ralph there arent any more just try to sleep while the other children are learning. oh boy sleep thats where im a viking. lisa what did i ever do to yo-o-o-ou. why does it talk like a lamb. ah miss hoover i dont think i can dissect an animal i think its wrong. okay lisa i respect your moral objection. ah excuse me isnt there anything here that doesnt have meat in it. possibly the meat loaf. well i believe youre required to provide a vegetarian alternative. mmmm its rich in bunly goodness. do you remember when you lost your passion for this work. uh-oh two independent thought alarms in one day the students are over stimulated willie remove all the colored chalk from the classrooms. i warned ya -- didnt i warn ya -- that colored chalk was forged by lucifer himself. i never realized before but some itchy and scratchy cartoons send the message that violence against animals is funny. say what cartoons dont have messages lisa theyre just a bunch of hilarious stuff you know like people getting hurt and stuff stuff like that. look kids i just got my party invitations back from the printers. come to homers bbbq the extra b is for byobb. whats that extra b for. thats a typo. dad cant you have some other kind of party one where you dont serve meat. but all normal people love meat if i went to a barbecue and there was no meat i would say yo goober wheres the meat im trying to impress people here lisa you dont win friends with salad. you dont win friends with sal-ad you dont win friends with sal-ad. you dont win friends with sal-ad you dont win friends with sal-ad you dont win friends with sal-ad you dont win friends with sal-ad. you dont win friends with sal-ad you dont win friends with sal-ad. mom. i didnt mean to take sides i just got caught up in the rhythm. good morning class a certain agitator -- for privacys sake lets call her lisa s -- no thats too obvious uh lets say l simpson -- has raised questions about certain school policies so in the interest of creating an open dialogue sit silently and watch this film. nothing beats a stroll in cattle country. hi im troy mcclure you may remember me from such educational films as two minus three equals negative fun and firecrackers the silent killer. mr mcclure. oh hello bobby. jimmy im curious as to how meat gets from the ranch to my stomach. huh what gazpacho etc. its tomato soup served ice cold. whoa whoa whoa -- slow down jimmy you just asked a mouthful it all starts here in the high-density feed lot then when the cattle are just rightits time for them to graduate from bovine university. cmon jimmy lets take a peek at the killing floor. dont let the name throw you jimmy its not really a floor its more of a steel grating that allows material to sluice through so it can be collected and exported. gettin hungry jimmy. ahh mr mcclure i have a crazy friend who says its wrong to eat meat is he crazy. no just ignorant you see your crazy friend never heard of the food chain. just ask this scientician. uhhh --. hell tell you that in nature one creature invariably eats another to survive. dont kid yourself jimmy if a cow ever got the chance hed eat you and everyone you care about. wow mr mcclure i was a grade-a moron to ever question eating meat. yes you were jimmy yes you were. youre hurting me. they cant seriously expect us to swallow that tripe. now as a special treat courtesy of our friends at the meat council please help yourselves to this tripe. stop it stop it dont you realize youve just been brainwashed by corporate propaganda. apparently my crazy friend here hasnt heard of the food chain. yeah lisas a grade-a moron. when i grow up im going to bovine university. hey homer thanks for inviting me to your barbecue. wow barney you brought a whole beer keg. yeah where can i fill it up. wait dad good news everyone you dont have to eat meat i made enough gazpacho for all. go back to russia. ahh diagnosis delicious. ive got the prescription for you doctor another hot beef injection. hey homer wing me another one of them burgers would ya i cant quite seem to stand up under my own power anymore. one whopper for the copper. can i have a burger dad. here ya go. its bad enough theyre all eating meat they dont have to rub it in my face. okay everybody its the moment youve all been waiting for the pig de rsistance. look at his nose. congratulations homer your q is a huge success a toast to the host who can boast the most roast. thanks flanders i have to agree that everything certainly huh. bart no. what. sorry force of habit lisa no. its just a little dirty -- its still good its still good. its just a little slimy its still good its still good. its just a little airborne its still good its still good. its gone. i know. you know smithers i think ill donate a million dollars to the local orphanage when pigs fly. will you be donating that million dollars now sir. no id still prefer not. give it up dad piggy aint comin back. lisa you ruined my barbecue i demand you apologize this second. oh then you must think im a monster. im never ever apologizing because i was standing up for a just cause and you were wrong wrong wrong now if youll excuse me im going to my room. thats it go to your room. marge since im not talking to lisa would you please ask her to pass me the syrup. please pass your father the syrup lisa. bart tell dad ill only pass the syrup if it wont be used on any meat product. you dunkin your sausages in that syrup homeboy. marge tell bart i just want to drink a nice glass of syrup like i do every morning. tell him yourself youre ignoring lisa not bart. bart thank your mother for pointing that out. homer youre not not talking to me and secondly i heard what you said. lisa tell your mother to get off my case. uh dad lisas the one youre not talking to. bart go to your room. why dont you just eat him dad. i dont need any serving suggestions from you you barbecue-wrecking know-nothing know-it-all. thats it i cant live in a house with this prehistoric carnivore i am out of here. thats it go to your room. look its mrs potato head. she has a head made out of lettuce. i cant believe i used to go out with you. are you gonna marry a carrot lisa. yes im gonna marry a carrot. she admitted it she admitted shes gonna marry a carrot i cant believe it. the whole world wants me to eat meat i cant fight it anymore. there is everybody happy now. i take it from your yelling that you like my tofu dogs. tofu. no i dont eat any food that comes from an animal. oh yes no meat whatsoever and only thrice the fat of a normal hot dog i made the switch and nobody noticed. but why apu. because im a vegetarian havent you ever seen my t-shirt. thats cute. yeah let me show you something lisa. wow a secret staircase but what do you do if somebody wants a non-alcoholic beer. you know its never come up. oh apu its beautiful. yes this is where i come when i need some refuge from the modern world or when i want to see drive-in movies for free. i know it is not easy to be a vegetarian lisa. thats why i ran away from home. what shes leaving home. wow paul mccartney i read about you in history class but wheres your wife linda. right here lisa whenever were in springfield we like to hang out in apus garden in the shade. we met him in india years ago during the maharishi days. back then i was known as the fifth beatle. sure you were apu. you know what lisa paul and linda are vegetarians too in fact linda has her own line of vegetarian entrees. apu im sure the last thing they want to talk about is. we werent satisfied with the other vegetarian meals on the market youd be surprised how often you find a big hunk of pork in em. ewwww. linda and i both feel strongly about animal rights in fact if you play maybe im amazed backwards youll hear a recipe for a really ripping lentil soup. when will all those fools learn that you can be perfectly healthy simply eating vegetables fruits grains and cheese. cheese. you dont eat cheese apu. yes indeed i do think that but i learned long ago lisa to tolerate others rather than forcing my beliefs on them you know you can influence people without badgering them always its like pauls song live and let live. actually it was live and let die. well whatever whatever it had a good rhythm. i guess i have been pretty hard on a lot of people especially my dad thanks you guys. lisa before you go would you like to hear a song. wow thatd be great. okay take it apu. im sergeant peppers lonely hearts club man i hope i will enjoy my show. lisa lisa. lisa lisa come back before everyone finds out what a horrible father i am. hi dad looking for me. i dunno were you looking for me. oh lisa i was looking for you i wanted to apologize i dont know exactly what went wrong but i know its always my fault. actually dad this time i was wrong. too. while i was gone i got some really good advice from paul and linda mccartney. rock stars is there anything they dont know. i still stand by my beliefs but i cant defend what i did im sorry i messed up your barbecue. i understand honey i used to believe in things when i was a kid. cmon ill give you a piggy-back ride oops i mean a veggie-back ride home. 
we got the popcorn did you get waiting to exhale. well they put us on the waiting to exhale waiting list but they said dont hold your breath. did you get emma did you get emma did ya did ya did ya huh. whoa whoa calm down little lady--take it easy--take it easy no. what did you get. something very close exactly along those lines--a clint eastwood - lee marvin shoot em up western. so prepare yourself for the bloody mayhem and unholy carnage of joshua logans paint your wagon. with blood i bet. hey thats a pretty sorry lookin wagon you got there mister. i reckon it could use a coat of paint. well what are we waitin for. gonna paint our wagon gonna paint it good we aint braggin were gonna coat that wood. theyre gonna paint that wagon theyre gonna paint it good they aint braggin theyre gonna coat that wood. theyre singing theyre singing marge why arent they killing each other. yeah their guns are right there. wait wait wait here comes lee marvin thank god hes always drunk and violent. eh what the hell is going on in my town. were just paintin this wagon you gotta problem with that. as a matter of fact i do ya missed a spot. well grab a brush and join in. gonna paint your wagon gonna paint it fine gonna use oil based paint cuz the wood is pine. pon-der-ro-sa pine. ooooo. mm who knew that lee marvin could do such marvelous splits. hes dreamy. ooh why did they have to screw up a perfectly serviceable wagon story with all that fruity singing. i thought it was toe-tappin fun. singing is the lowest form of communication. homer you sing all the time. no i dont i hate to rhyme. you like musicals dont you dad. no i dont i think theyre bad theyre fake and phoney and totally wrong. wake up dad youre singing a song. i wouldnt i couldnt i hate that stuff. now homer listen ive had enough in our family videos we have plainly seen youre a singing dancing entertainment machine. mom was right your singings a sin youre as les miserables as lee mar-vin. sure your dads singing could make your hair curl but you too bart have sung and danced like a girl. eep. that was pretty bad bart but it couldve been worse you could have been carrying a sequined purse. i hate to dance and prance and sing thats really more of a millhouse thing. i think you move like a young baryshnikov. nobody move or ill blow your heads off. oooooo. oooooo. its a desperate criminal on the run from the law please spare my children. and their damp-trousered pa. a singing family its worse than i feared for hostage purposes youre just too weird bye. see all this singing scared him away if we just talked like normal hed probably stay. many people in this town sing like we do theres mister burns theres krusty and even apu. because he was singing we overheard his plan and could save those dogs from that mean old man. it still wasnt worth burns song and dance. im back so resume wetting your pants. okay. because of you all i got a tune in my head and the only way to stop it is to make you all dead. i knew i shouldve shut that window. say your prayers and then its ka-blammo. uh-oh ill be back when i get some ammo bye. even the criminals are beginning to croon. homie this whole town runs on a tune our churches our clubs our government too. springfield swings like a pendulum do. we cant even get any local laws passed without everyone singing like a big broadway cast. all right marge youve convinced me there are more terrible things than musical comedies where everyone sings. there is something worse. and it really does blow. when a long running series does a cheesy clip show. im back to commit felonious assault because your infernal singing just would not halt. actually were done. done done. and not a moment too soon. oh okay then well then i got no beef with you haw. okay who wants dinner. me me i do i do i do. well lets get eatin. all right all right sorry. yo i told you to stop the music dudes im serious. oh oh oh youre so not listening. okay i hear that i hear that dude. you too crazy music dude gaw. 
